What is the best time to do observation today?
Go, wait for me to go.
Well, what do I have to do now?
I'm going back to deliver something. Wait until I come back after delivering it.
Can I do it for you again?
You stinky boy
How dare you lie to an old man?
Old teacher's
Then how dare I lie to you?
The main reason why I lied to you is
There is no suitable wood now
The switch in my house is broken again.
Look at this
I'll deliver it to you directly after I'm done.
A good one
Fine old fragrant wood
Is it okay for you to do it?
Don't think I don't know what you are thinking
you're out
Come back without asking
It's easy to talk about it. Let's go.
I can hide in the woods behind me
We are now happy
I can't afford that much wood either.
Extremely difficult
I'm looking for someone to help you
I can do it, I can do it, boy
Don't be polite to me
A cow girl wants a big cow
Come help me. I'm here.
Didn’t see you anymore
Niu Nu, where is your dad?
Why didn't he come?
My dad dad
He told me that it was inside the lantern dew
Come on, my dad, your dad, take out his brain
We will go to the back mountain soon